hey everybody today I'm gonna teach you
how to make a paper airplane glider
enjoy okay so the first step is to get
eight-and-a-half by eleven print your
paper and you're gonna fold it in half
turn it Stegner fold corners into the
center crease like that and the same to
the other sides both sides are touching
should look like this take this top edge
and bring it down and crease
looks like an unbeliever
fold this corner center line on an angle
so it should look like this and then
it's named to the other side so both
points are moving in the center
should look like this now take this
point right here and fold it up
and just take this side and fold that's
time to make the wings easy so just take
it and you fold it until is on top of
the ditch and same on the other side and
you're done here is your paper airplane
leather thanks for watching okay let's
go ahead and see how this thing flies so
why don't you just hold it on the
triangle with your thumb and index
finger and just throw it pretty darn
good